>> Wormholes, invisibility
cloaks, and antigravity.
It's not science fiction.
It's just some of the exotic
topics the US government was
researching.
This is "Gaia News."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
A massive document dump by the
Defense Intelligence Agency
shows some of the wild research
projects the United States
government was at least funding
through the Advanced Aerospace
Threat Identification
Program, known as AATIP,
and another,
lesser-known entity,
called the Advanced Aerospace
Weapons System Application
Program, or AAWSAP.
The Defense Intelligence
Agency has recently
released a large
number of documents
to different news
outlets and individuals
who have filed Freedom of
Information Act requests.
Of particular interest,
some 1,600 pages
released to Vice News
which spelled out,
among other things,
some of the, quote,
"exotic speculative
technologies"--
invisibility cloaking,
traversable wormholes,
star gates, negative
energy, antigravity,
high-frequency gravitational
wave communications,
and an obviously
never-carried-out proposal
to tunnel a hole through the
moon using nuclear explosions.
What can we learn from these
newly released documents?
Nick Pope worked for the
Uk's Ministry of Defense
on the UFO phenomenon.
>> Here's what we know.
Some of the most
extraordinary topics ever
to have been discussed
and considered
by the United States
government were
looked at as part of this work.
There's no getting
away from that.
When the DIA wrote to
Congress about this--
and these letters
and these studies
are now in the public domain.
It turned out there were 38
research documents produced.
And they covered the most
extraordinary things--
antigravity, invisibility, warp
drive, wormholes, star gates.
This sort of thing sounds
like science fiction.
And a lot of people
maybe say, well,
is this legitimate to spend
taxpayers' dollars on?
Well, my response to
that is, absolutely.
Look, this was a $24
million contract.
Something like the
Large Hadron Collider
or the James Webb Space
Telescope-- these projects
cost billions of dollars.
>> What about the timing
of releasing a large number
of FOIA requests now?
>> This is speculation, but
I'll throw it out there anyway.
Why not?
We have the James Webb
Space Telescope now up.
The first results are going
to be available certainly
this year, maybe this summer.
And who knows what it'll find?
And sometimes, if you think
you're going to find something,
if you think there might
be something out there,
then get out ahead
of the narrative.
Rather than react to it, start
putting things out there.
Start speculating and saying,
maybe we're not alone.
>> What are the other takeaways
from these revelations?
>> The big development is that
there's a consolidated posting
of all the material that's
previously been posted plus new
material, too.
And for the first time, rather
than part of it leaking out,
part of it going to a journalist
here or a researcher there,
there's one single place,
officially verified,
where people can get all
this material, old and new.
And it's now up on the
Defense Intelligence Agency
website in their
electronic reading room
under the heading AATIP.
>> What can we expect next?
How will this affect the
future of disclosure?
>> Congress has
made it very clear.
The time for joking
about this is over.
Senators and
congresspeople are saying,
no, we need to look at this
seriously, and we want answers.
And if they want
answers, I think
it's reflective of the fact
that we all want answers, too.
And hopefully, we are
going to get them.
>> For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia News."
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.